# Landsat-and-Sentinel-Image-Registration

Remote sensing records received from Landsat collection of satellites having multispectral bands with a slight spatial decision of 30 m are to be had from 1973 and Sentinel-2 records at 10 m spatial decision are to be had from 2015 onwards with a normal temporal worldwide coverage. The availability of Landsat-eight OLI (Operational Land Imager) and Sentinel-2 MSI (Multispectral Instrument) imagery have provided possibilities to construct a extensive variety of spatio-temporal programs which includes tracking the Earth’s floor often primarily based totally at the mixed records units. However, the same old georeferenced Landsat-eight OLI and Sentinel-2 MSI records merchandise are misaligned, consequently the 2 records units have to be co-registered at a pixel stage earlier than getting used collectively for any study. In this paper, we gift a brand new technique referred to as SURF-FANN (Speeded-Up Robust Features-Fast Approximate Nearest Neighbour) for characteristic choice and matching among Landsat and Sentinel records. These features (tie-points) are then used for computerized co-registration of Sentinel records on the subject of Landsat records. Further, geocoding is accomplished the usage of conformal, affine and projective variations observed via way of means of resampling the usage of bilinear interpolation, nearest neighbour and cubic convolution. The effects had been as compared with SIFT (Scale Invariant Feature Transform)-FANN that is a famous set of rules for computerized characteristic extraction and choice. It become discovered that SURF is computationally quicker however has better RMSE as compared to SIFT. However, the characteristic choice and matching via way of means of combining SURF and SIFT with FANN, observed via way of means of projective transformation and bilinear interpolation rendered the bottom RMSE of 0.14 as compared to the usage of both SIFT or SURF as a stand-by myself method.
